---
title: 'Blog post 5: Golang WinTrojan'
date: 2023-07-14
permalink: /posts/2023/07/blog-post-5/
tags:
  - Golang
  - Malware
  - Windows
---


WinTrojan
------

This blog post aims to serve as a short overview of an old personal project of mine written in [Golang](https://go.dev/), WinTrojan.
As the name suggests, the program carries a piece of potentially dangerous software into a target's environment and carries out some malicious operations.


What is a Trojan?
------

A trojan is a piece of code or software that appears legitimate but often carries a malicious payload (of many sorts). There are many ways of doing this, with the main motivators being evading anti-virus and bypassing firewall protection. 
Trojans can also make standard viruses and malicious software even more dangerous, since many implement tricky techniques in order to maximize their success rate.

Some of these techniques include:
+ Persistence

When software embeds itself within the target system (usually somewhere in the start up process) so that it can execute even after the machine turns off. Writing the malware to the disk and essentially moving the code from volatile to non-volatile memory ensures that it survives a full restart.
---
+ Encoding/Encryption

Very often, antivirus or a firewall will detect common malware executables in a network or system since their signatures have already been logged to their malware database. One solution for this is encoding the raw executable, storing the data within the trojan and having it drop it in the system/network
---
