---
title: 'Blog post 6: Where did the time go?'
date: 2025-04-16
permalink: /posts/2025/04/blog-post-6/
tags:
  - Python
  - API
  - Real life
---

Where did the time go?
------

I suppose it's about time that I publish a short writing on my long term neglected blog..

After a 2 year hole, I finally have some projects in mind that a worthy of show casing on here.
These projects are yet to be animated, though I can say that they are all based around the idea
of protecting individual user privacy with [FOSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open-source_software).


So what have I been doing?
------

Since my last posts, I have just been working and teaching myself new technologies/ programming techniques,
as well as paying more attention to my hobbies and peer network. I have been working on a couple of commercial projects (of which I do not really have the freedom to explain much further) which have allowed me to gain an understanding of creating/ designing software with the intention of it reaching a wider market. Alongside this are honing in on concepts of scaling and dialling modern software/ security standards that have just completely levelled up the type of code that I'm writing. I have been mostly experimenting with integrated web/API backend services, scheduling and modelling the flow of user authorised payments in Python and JavaScript. It seems no project could ever make me like writing in JavaScript, although I did appreciate the ease of leveraging third party API calls from within the application.

Enough of the boring stuff
------

After my portfolio break, I've become slightly embarrassed of some of the code which I have exposed on here. At the time I think I thought I was providing a lot more intelligent solutions than I really was.. I will keep them up to serve as a reference to my improvements with regards to clean solutions and proper practices. The last year and a half has just made me more enticed with computer programming, and having the chance to make some money off of it is even better. It allows me to give more of my time to this subject and not only get paid for doing something I enjoy, but also essentially get paid to better my education and understanding.